README.md, before:

# Project
Intellij IDEA Tasks plugin.

# Author
Original author: Sergiy Dubovik

Forked by: WarnerJan Veldhuis (<nlsurfman@hotmail.com>)

# Links
Download page: <http://plugins.intellij.net/plugin/?id=1124>

Comments page: <http://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/CONTEST/Tasks>

# Description
This plugin will keep track of your daily tasks. Tasks are hierarchical, so it can have subtasks. Tasks have a
priority and possibly an icon. Time tracking is built-in, so you can see how much time you have spent on one
particular task.

# Installation

Normally, this plugin would be installed via JetBrains's repository. If you have to install it manually,
either choose "Install from disk" in IDEA's plugins page, or manually place it in

    $userhome/.IntelliJIdea12/config/plugins/

The file that keeps all the plugins settings is called tasksettings.xml and is found in 

    $userhome/.IntelliJIdea12/config/options/tasksettings.xml.

The file that holds all the tasks can be found in 

    $userhome/.IntelliJIdea12/config/options/tasks.xml.

Commit message:

- Updated the plugin to work with other applications built on the IntelliJ platform. (https://github.com/NLSurfMan/tasks/issues/26)

README.md, after:

# Project
IntelliJ IDEA Tasks plugin.

# Author
Forked by: WarnerJan Veldhuis (<nlsurfman@hotmail.com>)

Original author: Sergiy Dubovik


# Links
Download page: <http://plugins.intellij.net/plugin/?id=1124>

Comments page: <http://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/CONTEST/Tasks>

# Description
This plugin will keep track of your daily tasks. A todo-list if you will. Tasks are hierarchical, so it can have subtasks. 
Tasks have a priority and possibly an icon. Time tracking is built-in, so you can see how much time you have spent on one
particular task. 

# Installation
Normally, this plugin would be installed via JetBrains's repository. If you have to install it manually,
either choose "Install from disk" in IDEA's plugins page, or manually place it in

    $userhome/.IntelliJIdea2017/config/plugins/

The file that keeps all the plugins settings is called tasksettings.xml and is found in 

    $userhome/.IntelliJIdea2017/config/options/tasksettings.xml.

The file that holds all the tasks can be found in 

    $userhome/.IntelliJIdea2017/config/options/tasks.xml.
    
So if you could go ahead and back that file up regularly that'd be great. All right!

## Older versions of IDEA
This plugin does not support any version of any IntelliJ platform below version 2016 (Build 145) 
(See [jetbrains.org](http://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/basics/getting_started/build_number_ranges.html#branch-and-build-numbers-for-intellij-platform-pre-20162) for more information) 

### Notes
- This plugin is compiled with IntelliJ IDEA 2017.1 (IU-171.3780.107) and Java 8 (jdk1.8.0_121).   
- This plugin is not related to JetBrains Tasks Management (Tasks &amp; Contexts) plugin.
